you
you don't expect your family to
understand what you're doing you just
hope they'll accept it I'm so excited
she ain't gonna be good dad and when you
get home you hope you can pick up right
where you left off target secure this is
a personnel recovery proceed to target
recover the package and move to extract
target secure ma'am taking you know for
all those pinned down range it's was and
those like us damn too
positive control the Raven we have enemy
QRF approaching from the north this
thing is way bigger than we thought it
was we're gonna hit us at home hey boys
we got roll just fine
sir before
target you up like his son all boots on
the ground
be safe
how can you stop this
I can't
live your life by a code it's your
shoreline that's what guides you home
trust me
we're always trying to get home
you